>> Kent C. Dodds: But
because that's not supported right now,
we're going to have to
support it ourselves.
In real applications, you're gonna
be using local storage probably, and
so you'll want to have support for this.
You'll also wanna have support for
session storage if you use that,
because that's a very similar API.
So to make this work, I'm going to
copy a file from our solution here,
I'll duplicate that,
pull it over into our calculator.
And this is our local storage mock,
so it doesn't simulate things perfectly.
Local storage has some pretty
interesting things about it.
But as long as you're only
using the methods on it and
not worrying about like the dot syntax,
you can actually do
localStorage.foo.far.baz.
And I don't know why you'd do that.
That's kinda confusing to me.
So as long as you're just using get item,
set item,
and remove item, then this actually
is a perfectly fine type of mock.
So we need to run this
before our test run so
that if we don't have local storage
supported, then we can add it.
There's actually a couple of
ways to do this, quite honestly.
It's kind of annoying, but the way
that we're going to do this is with
the setupTestFrameworkScriptFile,
it's a very long name.
And we'll have that point to our module
that we're using to set
up our test framework.
So require.resolve, and
it's test/setup whatever
the name of this thing is.
Here we go, something
like this, here we go.
And who needs the JS when you're
require resolving something?
Okay, so, setupTestFrameworkScriptfile
points to a file [INAUDIBLE] setups
your test framework.
And now, if we run our test again,
our tests are passing, woo!
That's great.
Any questions about that?
>> Kent C. Dodds: So this would be
another place or some other use cases for
this that we're doing at PayPal is we
have this module that's responsible for
taking all of our localization files and
turning that into a JavaScript
object that we then, based off the user's
locale, will choose the user's
locale to put that in the indexed HTML,
when it's rendered on the server.
Send that up to the client and
the client pulls that in for
its internationalization stuff.
And I really like having the English or
the default text in my test.
And so I use this file to basically do
that process before I start up my test,
so that my test has the stuff all set up.
There are various other things.
If you have global initialization,
your documents, that simulated document
body needs to have a certain shape or
something for some of your third party
mantra your using or something, then you
can use this setupTestFrameworkScriptFile.
There's also a set up files array.
And you can check out the docs
to see what the difference is.
If you figure out what the difference is,
then please tell me because
I don't quite get it.
One is the testing framework
hasn't been installed yet, and
the other one, it has been installed,
but I never really, yeah.
But they both seem to work pretty well, so